Event:

last semester, I joined a public speaking class. It was such a great experience for me. Once, our teacher Jeff organized us to have a speech contest. Before that, he told us how to write the speech, how to overcome the stage fright, and how to work on the body language. After I went home, I practiced how to deliver my speech in front of the mirror again and again. You know what, I won the first prize in that speech contest. Since then, I became more and more confident.

Interests or hobby:

Actually, last Friday afternoon, I went swimming in the city stadium with my friend Tom. And, it was my very first time to swim. However, I just fell in love with it. This is because while swimming, I could stretch out my arms and legs and improve my flexibility and strength. It made me feel so relaxed and happy. I think swimming is really a good sport which is beneficial for my physical and mental health.

Family or Friends:

Now, I am studying in a city which is far away from my hometown. I often use my cellphone to call my parents, especially when I feel down. Last time, I got the result of my Toefl test, and I was so fraustrated. Then I called my mom and talked with her. She encouraged me through the phone and told me that she always has faith in me. After the conversation, I didn't feel sad. You see, my mom can always encourage me to see the silver lining in the dark clouds.

Health:

People pay more attention to their health, because having a health body is the foundation of everything. Right? Now, our school's cafeteria provides too much unhealthy food, such as fried chicken, cheese burgers, canned fruits so on. That's why I don't like eating there. However, if the university can provide some healthy food, I mean, such as veggie salad, fish, fresh fruits and so on. I am sure that there will be more students to go there to eat.

Relax:

Last summer, my friend Tom and I went to Hong Kong, which is a modern and fashionable city. We did a bunch of interesting things together, such as shopping, visiting the Disney Land, eating local food and soon. During the process, we got to know different culture and custom, met different people, and saw many different views. It was a great experience for me to know more about the world.