Do you agree or disagree with following statement?
The ability to maintain friendships with a small number of people over a long period of time is more important for happiness than the ability to make new friends easily.
(36:20)

Friendship is one of important thing in our daily life, we could not live in community without any friends. But is that a good idea or a easy path to happiness that owning a special ability to maintain friendships with a few people over a long period of time? I don't think so, because everything around us is changing over time, we couldn't keep doing one thing for our whole life.

Firstly, the ability of keeping a long term friendship is different for different people. You may have some friends for a long time, for example, your elementary school classmates. But you couldn't get help from them when you got emergency in your daily work, you need a hand that who can help you immediately. So, I mean, the ability to make new friends is also very important, because your old friend couldn't always available for you, especially in some accident.

Secondly, if your old good friends just moved away from your city, it's really hard for both of you to communicate only by line or internet. Your friends and you have to work, to look after your family, to earn more money and make lives better. There might be a little of time for you to chatting online, but both of you have a lot of opportunities to meet a new people and become your friend. It's more easier for you, and a fresh friend might bringing some different feeling to your old friends.

On top of that, the happiness does not decided only by friendship. You could find varies interesting things in life. When you once moved away your concentration from how to keep a long time friendship, you might find something new in your daily life and during that time, a new friend you might met already. All the things you should do is let it go and enjoying your life.

Finally, I totally disagree with that some abilities of maintaining an old friendship is more important for our happiness than the ability to make new friends easily. Because, the only thing which doesn't change as time goes by is changing. So, don't be afraid of someone's leaving, just let them go, someone new would come to you and be accompany with you.
